vector: various updates (#21541)
pingcap/docs: vector-search/vector-search-functions-and-operators.md

**Vector distance functions:**

> | Function Name                                               | Description                                                      | Supported by VECTOR index |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Function Name                                               | Description                                                      | Supported by [vector index](/vector-search/vector-search-index.md#vector-search-index) |
```

$DISTANCE(p,q)=1.0 - {\frac {\sum \limits _{i=1}^{n}{p_{i}q_{i}}}{{\sqrt {\sum \limits _{i=1}^{n}{p_{i}^{2}}}}\cdot {\sqrt {\sum \limits _{i=1}^{n}{q_{i}^{2}}}}}}$

The two vectors must have the same number of dimensions. Otherwise, an error is returned.

> For embeddings from OpenAI, it is [recommended](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/8984345-which-distance-function-should-i-use) that you use this function.

Reviewer: https://help.openai.com/en/articles/8984345-which-distance-function-should-i-use does not exist 
<img width="1954" height="870" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55585e8e-8c81-42b9-9816-0493680dbb31" />

VEC_FROM_TEXT(string)
```

> Converts a string into a vector. In many cases conversion is done implicitly, for example when inserting data into a column that has the `VECTOR` data type. This function explicitly converts for cases where implicit conversion is not possible.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Converts a string into a vector. In many cases, this conversion is done implicitly, for example when inserting data into a column with the `VECTOR` data type. However, in expressions where implicit conversion is not supported (such as arithmetic operations on vectors), you need to explicitly call this function.
````
